what's going to happen in 2024 you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you in today's video we are going to
talk about just that we are going to
look at 2023 overall I'm going to show
you the most important statistics and
then show you where there is excess
where there's too much going on and of
course what will happen with things like
gold with real estate and everything
else interconnected once we know this we
can make better decisions for ourselves
for our families right now what we're
looking look at is some of the most you
know epic runs that we've seen in a very
long time but others are saying no no no
this has to change and that's where
we'll begin you'll see you know one
analyst or another in this case here at
present we estimate that a decline to
the 1650 level on the S&P 500 that would
be a 65% loss would be needed to restore
historically run of the mill S&P 500
expected return of 10% annually so
that's the case the market would have to
come down to
1650 right now at or near an all-time
high so we need to see a 65% drop in
order to get back down to reality not
even some you know epic crash where it's
a depression and so on just to get back
to reality and so we've really come off
course there's no question about that I
don't deny this but would they even
allow this to occur that's really the
difference because just like in Japan
the markets would be significantly lower
if it weren't for the stimulus if it
weren't for the fact that they literally
buy the stocks Japan they literally buy
the bonds and so they are supporting
themselves but ultimately in the end
it's just a ghost town it's a bunch of
zombies use whatever analogy you want
that isn't what you would want to see
happen where you are okay the people of
Japan have decided this is the way they
want to go this is the route they want
to take they've got a demographics
problem that will not be resolved and
they will simply slide into Oblivion
that's the case do you want that for
yourself and for where you live if
you're in the United States would you
like to see that or would you simply
like to witness a change
a big shift that would make things
better and stronger and more resilient
most people though they can't deal with
the pain that comes along with
it this article here is basically just
saying at best we have only eight months
before another financial crisis and
massive QE when the FED pivots and
cranks up the printing presses again
could come much sooner so want and so
forth we get these all the time okay
there are a number of people that are
saying things are way overval valued as
a result it has to crash but you need a
catalyst you need somebody to pull the
pin on that grenade before it's going to
go off or else it's just going to sit
there or a stick of dynamite you got to
light it you got to have a spark before
that becomes a problem or else it's just
sitting there and so this is what people
don't understand just because there's
too much debt just because there's so
much excess I acknowledge that excess I
acknowledge that that it's wild but just
because of that doesn't make it
necessarily lead to a crash that just
makes the inevitability of that one
whenever we get it much worse so that's
the difference that's the
distinction now this is talking about
what we see with with the bricks Nations
they're D dollariz okay so at this time
we have countries around the world world
doing less and less business with the US
dollar but at this time by the way the
dollar has been weakening against its
peers for a little while here what we
can note is that in most cases we do
find that the US dollar is in inversely
correlated with the stock market so if
we see a weakening in the US dollar
stock market goes up and vice versa
that's what you need to know but in
relation to his peers it's weakening
right now countries are basically saying
we want to do Less business with the US
dollar it's too strong if they change
their interest rates suddenly we're at
the mercy of it everything is priced in
US dollars if our currencies are weak
and going to be weak for a while people
don't understand this as well they don't
expect like China all these other
countries they don't expect to suddenly
be the new US dollar in the next few
years they they don't expect that
they're saying look if our currency is
weak
why are we going to price our stuff that
we're exchanging between each other in a
much stronger currency why don't we just
do business between each other do you
see the difference there people they
don't get that but anyway that's the way
it goes gold sits above 2,000 to snap a
two-year losing streak so at the end of
the year coming through break past the
2,000 we'll see if it can remain there
but it shows us what's going on with
risk so people go to Gold the average
investor that is go to Gold like at the
very end oh we got nothing else let's
put it in Gold they really dislike gold
most investors big investors the big
investment companies they do not hold
gold at all and so you look at that and
think to yourself maybe that's telling
maybe that's telling that it's gone past
2000 knowing that so few have it maybe
the fact that central banks keep buying
it up like crazy look at this the S&P 5
500 the theme of this year when we
compare that to the global money supply
not in relation to the Federal Reserves
balance sheet but in the global money
supply it is directly
correlated with the stock market there's
no question stock market Global money
supply you can measure this in different
ways as we do with the money mirror
method ultimately oneway shape or form
you got cash going in somewhere it
eventually makes its way into what is
most attractive and in these recent
years the US Stock Market especially the
Magnificent 7 the the you know the big
tech stocks those are the ones that have
been doing very well getting a lot of
attention Okay so that's where the money
has been flowing into that's 2023 The
Story of the Year over 20% gains in that
year you're looking at um basically at
towards the end of the year of 2023
doing extremely well but over overall it
had performed good in the NASDAQ leading
the charge there as you see it on the
very top that green line the NASDAQ tech
stocks people love tech stocks today
investment companies love tech stocks
90% of funds you didn't see the static
covered before 0% of funds hold
Microsoft 90% like it doesn't matter
what that is they're just going to put
Microsoft in there and it looks
attractive to them obviously it's
performed extremely well but are like
how many how many funds if you have a
problem how many funds are going to sell
Microsoft if 10% okay well then 80% of
funds still hold Microsoft you see so
now it's got so much dominance inside of
these Financial funds representing
trillions of dollars you see what's
going on here okay this is just showing
us the non-profitable tech stocks and
the mega cap tech stocks so those
magnificent sevens um the you know the
big boys the TR ion doll companies those
did you know they held on to their
strength throughout 2023 for the most
part all right versus the non-profitable
tech stocks took a dive so keep that in
mind where we are when the money is
easier when they're just QE 1 2 3 4 5
when they're just throwing the cash out
there you want to be invested at least
where you where you have risk in these
riskier things
because those are the ones that do
better I know that you know hearing that
from me might be confusing but that's
the way it goes I tell my finance Friday
class invest in garbage when they start
a new round of quantitative
easing I'm telling you that's what did
well the previous time that's what did
well the previous time before that and
it's sad now of course you got to time
that right because it goes up like crazy
and then it starts to even out and other
assets re real ones start to say oh okay
we we have some steady ground okay now
we can we can find a place to be it's
one step at a time
okay this is just showing us uh the
comparison of you know World Market
Cap that's the Blue Line direct
correlation with um you know the the
stock market it's looking at it overall
that Equity everything has been
basically been going up okay and what is
the correlation there we can see that
the financial conditions eased during
that period of time that's that's all I
wanted to show you looking at it for
currency sake I mean my goodness Swiss
frank performed very well in relation to
the US dollar on the other end no man's
land Japanese Yen not even sure why it's
it's still in existence uh but I guess
Traders use it occasionally uh to
diversify oh I it's just like holding it
stick of dynamite just hopefully nobody
lights a lights a match that's all here
we go
NASDAQ some suggest that the performance
is very much like what we saw in the
tech bubble and for good reason we do
see that I mean there's so much excess
that it's crazy crazy some call it a
clown world but here we are is it the
same is it similar circumstance you know
as we go in maybe another year this
stuff another few months of this stuff
could it be you tell me you tell me in
the comments I want to know what you
think does it have that very similar
feel in the year
2000 interestingly look at Commodities I
brought this up because of
Commodities look at that Commodities
have come down over the last while the
index and yet everything that you buy
everything that you buy has gone up in
price during this period like isn't it
ridiculous I just had to point that out
I mean yes I do understand like oil is
not at the you know the highest point
anymore your gasoline has come down
somewhat I get that but overall we take
it overall the stuff that you're buying
it's gone up considerably and that shows
us that the prices never come back down
keep that in mind very important aspect
this is just showing us the odds of a
March Fed rate cut oh no that was not
going to happen no way and then suddenly
things changed and now the vast majority
of the bets that are taking place right
here are expecting that March is going
to be a rate cut we don't know what's
going to happen but usually the market
is actually very accurate at least the
closer we get to that
day rate cut expectations in
2024 um looking at multiple Cuts all
that's showing is multiple Cuts During
the period of 2024 whether that's you
know going to happen March and then
maybe skip a month and then you know
this and that or it's going to come all
the way in the in the back half of 2024
we don't know but that would be the
number one thing to pay attention to
what's going on with rate Cuts what is
the circumstance with recession is there
a recession if there is is it mild is it
shallow will it be short that's going to
be a big uh difference ential you know
it's going to be a big indicator for
what we'll see with rate Cuts how fast
they come you know what's going to
happen with quantitative tightening are
they going to stop in the middle of the
year are they going to let that go into
the third fourth quarter these things
are important because that is the number
one factor for where the stock market's
going to go where the real estate's
going to go if they start cutting rates
you know that this is very very
attractive for risk assets look at what
bitcoin's going to do it's going to go
wild if they start cutting rates and the
economy is doing okay okay obviously we
know the truth but if they think
statistically the market is reasonable
okay we've done our job we don't want to
overshoot ah we're going to cut interest
rates right now slowly slowly slowly
that would give the signal for more risk
on yes at some point there's a catalyst
is it going to be a 63% drop in the
stock market that would be very
difficult that would be some major major
issue could that happen one day
absolutely but you need a catalyst you
need a spark you need something to
actually take it there not necessarily
just being extremely overvalued and
overpriced and ridiculous you can have
drops of 10% of 20% that does happen and
it's part of a natural cycle but at this
time unless we start getting those bank
failures taking place and extreme you
know excess in some way like we saw
subprime crisis 2020 where they shut the
entire world down we need to see a big
event but understand this the crazier
things get the bigger that eventual
explosion will be until then though
that's Party Like It's 1999 right uae's
Abu Dhabi se's non-oil GDP growth of
7.7% in the third quarter of 2023 I'm
just showing you here that some
economies are growing some economies are
doing well in this case here I wanted to
note the fact that a country like this
where you know what they were heavily
reliant on oil it's now 50% of the
economy so it's changing things are
changing times are changing the big
shifts are occurring if you want to be
in the classes the live classes where I
talk about all of this stuff where we
look at the money mirror method so we
can track this I've been getting emails
every single day about this
what you got to do is click the link in
the description the first link and you
will go to this page read everything on
this page take you two minutes and then
you click the apply button and that will
email me and then we can simply get that
going but please read that page first I
appreciate that I want to thank you for
being here as always hit that thumbs up
button when you do you are supporting
the channel guess what you notify the
algorithm like hey this is good stuff
and it starts to put it in people's
feeds when you comment as well engage
engagement really does help the Creator
out so I want to thank you for that
thank you for being here today and as
always we're going to be tomorrow I hope
you'll be right here I'll see you then
take care